I don't know what I'm gonna do what am I
gonna do I mean this this is like a
complete nightmare oh I know this must
be so hard oh no two women love me
they're both gorgeous and sexy my
wallets too small for my fifties and my
diamond shoes are too tight here's a
thought run don't touch a computer don't
ever touch a computer listen I got two
words for you
threesome okay let's get logical about
this okay we'll make a list Rachel and
Julie pros and cons Oh
we'll put their names in bold with
different fonts and I can use different
colors for each column can't we just use
a pen no Amish boy all right that's
let's start with the carbs cuz they're
more fun Rachel first no I mean all
right I guess you can say she's she's a
little spoiled sometimes you could say
that you know sometimes she's a little
bit C you know and I've seen it be a
little too into her looks but oh and
like Julie and I we have a lot in common
cause we're both paleontologists right
but I mean Rachel's just a waitress
waitress got it you guys wanna play Doom
oh we can't keep doing this what else I
don't know Oh her ankles are a little
chubby okay let's do Julie what's wrong
with her she's not Rachel
I'm telling you this thing won't print
yes I pressed that button like a hundred
times you know for a hotline you're not
so hot what what is that in the
background
are you watching Star Trek Hey
so how'd it go with Julie did you did
you break her heart yes it was horrible
she cried I cried she threw things they
hit me I did the right thing
so Spock actually hugs his father hi bye
where you god I I just got back from
from Julie's no no it's not what you
think it's um it's the other thing
well what's the other thing what do I
think
well he broke up with Julie well go hug
her for God's sakes really really it's
always been you Rach
Oh
oh this is good this is really good I
know I know it's almost what do you say
we go take a walk just us not them no
hey I'll get your coat no no see see hey
it's printing
hey someone owner echo Chandler wrote
something about me on his computer and
he won't let me see he won't he won't
because isn't that isn't that the the
the short story you were writing yes yes
it is the short story that I was writing
and a minute let me read it no